February 5 - 11, 2017
=====================

Monday:
-------
February 6
* Created a markdown file of my week 3 journal and added it to Github. 
* Continued with Learn Ruby the Hard Way.
* Met with Ryan to review last week and make a game plan for this week.
* Created a Ruby program that asks the user 9 questions and saves their answers to a text file. 
* Begin commenting outline for Choose Your own Adventure.

Tuesday:
--------
February 7
* Collect data from helloFriend.rb. A program asking the using 9 questions.
* I began to write my Choose Your own Adventure program. I decided to model it after: http://www.halfbakedsoftware.com/quandary/version_2/examples/castaway.htm After a while I realized that the story evolves in such a way that the same set of circumstances are presented to different users at different times depending upon the path of their adventure. A combination of if statements and functions may work best in this situation. Since it’s only Tuesday and my target date for completion is Friday, I’m going to review functions then jump back into writing my program. 
* Reviewed Ruby if statements ( Learn Ruby the Hard Way exercises 29, 30 & 31)
* Reviewed Ruby functions (Learn Ruby the Hard Way exercises 19, 20 & 21)
Learn Ruby the Hard Way exercise # 31 was an example of a Choose your own Adventure program. My first attempt was WAY over complicated with multiple nested if statements. Not that it can’t be done, but I believe I will go back to the drawing board and start with something much simpler. 
* Started writing a new Ruby program → hotDogAdventure.rb 🌭

Wednesday:
----------
February 8
* Finished hotDogAdventure.rb 🌭 & asked people to test the program by creating their own custom hot dogs. 
* Next step on the helloFriend.rb program, make question 6 into a function. → done
* Attended Dayton Clean Coders and wrote my first fizzbuzz program in Ruby.
* Had my first pull request approved!!! 
![first_pr]
* Took a break from Ruby and read The Passionate Programmer.
* Jumped back into Learn Ruby the Hard Way starting with exercise 32, Loops & Arrays.

Thursday:
---------
February 9
* Met with Mike & Tarr to learn about testing. I think my brain is going to explode, 💥 but in a good way. #learning 
* Read The Passionate Programmer.
* Started back into Learn Ruby the Hard Way with exercise 38, Doing Things to Lists
* Met with Ryan for review / update on progress:
** Updated helloFriend.rb to reflect use of functions & placed it on github. Paired with Mike. We looked at hello_friend.rb (updated the file name) for a deep drive on how to improve it. Two hours later we had created two new files, new files: hello_functions.rb and hello_test.rb. 

Friday:
February 10
-----------
* Updated my apprenticeship journal.
* Chuck visits for lunch!! 🍴🍜
* Added all the stuffs to github: updated hello-friend repo and added hot-dog-adventure repo 
* Celebrated February birthdays 🎈 & played Boss Monster with Marshall & Kasey.
* After yesterday’s deep dive I’m returning to Learn Ruby the Hard Way with exercise 38, Doing Things to Lists https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex38.html with the goal of continuing to build my Ruby skill set.

Looking forward
===============

Follow - up:
------------
* Add something that is bugging me to my journal → Ack! This is hard! Something I have noticed with our last two Wednesday morning talk and code sessions is that I didn’t walk away from our time together with a clear sense of knowing exactly what to do next with the information that was presented.  Last week I referenced the apprenticeship outline on github and found the resources I needed to take my next steps to learn more information. The topic was on classes and object orientated programming. I realized that I needed to bring myself up to speed on basic Ruby programming syntax before jumping into classes and chose to do so with Learn Ruby the Hard Way. 
This week the topic was testing. Towards the end of our Wednesday morning session, I asked Mike and Rob if there were any additional resources they would recommend we check out. They recommended we look into bettertests.org to help understand the principles of testing. I couldn’t find a website called bettertests.org, but I did find betterspecs.org. I saw a Code School course on Testing with RSpec on the apprenticeship outline and I found a book in Dropbox called Continuous Testing, but I feel I’m definitely not ready for the Code School course until after I tackle the Ruby Bits courses. 
* Go back to hello_friend.rb, hello_functions.rb & hello_test.rb and comment out the code explaining what we did. When pairing with Mike, I told him that the next day I will look at this code we’ve written and stare at it wondering what in the world we did. I understood what we were doing at the moment, but it’s still new. Like a puzzle I will recall bits and pieces, but I want to connect all the pieces. 
* Learn Ruby the Hard Way review lesson 39 and continue: https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex39.html
Do the caffeine example → Where different amounts of caffeine have different effects on the user. Make another drink that has caffeine. How different amounts of caffeine affect the consumer. (later…..)
* Add fizzbuzz to github???
* Start Code School’s Ruby Bits
* Check out Ruby Warrior: https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior#/ It looks like fun!!
* Continue reading the Passionate Programmer
* Go submit another pull request, be practice is awesome! 
* Check this out: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history
* Check out Alfred.
* Take Harnessing the Power of Vim workshop on Treehouse.

Review / Reference:
-------------------
* Zero to Hero with dot files, part 2.
* Standard.seesparkbox.com 
* The Art of the Commit Message: https://github.com/sparkbox/standard/tree/master/style/git
* Foundry articles

[first_pr]: https://github.com/heatherdesigns/journals/blob/master/images/first_pull_request.png
