February 12 - 18, 2017
======================

Monday:
-------
February 13
* Created a markdown file of my week 4 journal and added it to Github. 
* Attended Sparkbox Update 2017
* Continued with Learn Ruby the Hard Way. Reviewed lesson 39 on hashes and worked through lessons 40 and 41 on classes and learning to speak object oriented.

Tuesday:
--------
February 14
* Continued Learn Ruby the Hard Way with lesson 42: is-a, has-a, objects and classes.
* Met with Ryan to review Ruby projects and to establish next steps for those projects.
* Jumped over to Treehouse. Finished the Ruby loops course and began the Ruby objects and classes course.
* Updated hotdog_adventure.rb with an array that collects the hot dog toppings.
* Created a github repo for Ruby Katas and added my fizzbuzz kata.

Wednesday:
----------
February 15
* Started my morning reading The Passionate Programmer.
* Add the array version of hotdog_adventure.rb to a new branch in github.
* Met with Ryan for code talk and review.
* Went to Gem City JS meetup.
* Finished Treehouse Objects & Classes course.
* Tackled a couple Ruby Koans. I’m now at 8 of 282. 😝

Thursday:
---------
February 16
* Started my morning reading The Passionate Programmer.
* Code School Ruby
* Spent my afternoon rewriting hotdog_adventure.rb with hashes. I also added while statements to validate user input. I can see where writing functions that can be accessed to validate input would be useful. Perhaps this will be one of my next steps. I can also see where each topping could be segregated into separate functions or maybe even classes.  

Friday:
-------
February 17
* As I was rewriting hotdog_adventure.rb on Thursday, as part of the validation of user input I really wanted to be able to return the user’s answer to them if it was wrong. On my drive home that afternoon the light bulb in my brain went off! I had an idea I wanted to try. Friday morning arrived and I went to work. I updated the code validating the user’s input. After speaking with Ryan I mentioned that I could see areas of code that were repetitious. He encouraged me to move forward and create a function for those areas. I created two functions. Upon further review, Ryan challenged me to look at the functions and see if I could create a single function that could do the work of both using a range of numbers.
* Enjoyed a fantastic Friday lunch with Ben visiting Sparkbox for the first time. 
* Created a toppings-hash branch for hotdo_adventure.rb and pushed it up to github
* Updated hotdog_adventure.rb by creating one function that replaced the work of two

Saturday:
---------
February 18
* GDI Intro to Programming Teaching Assistant 💖
* Created .gitconfig and .gitmessage.txt files & customized a git commit message that lists Sparkbox standards.
* Updated my personal website, http://www.heathercancode.com to reflect Sparkbox Apprenticehsip.

Looking forward
===============

Follow - up:
------------
* Hello_friend.rb → Create interview class. Each time someone takes the interview, a new instance representing each person is created.
* Go back to hello_friend.rb, hello_functions.rb & hello_test.rb and comment out the code explaining what we did. 
* Learn Ruby the Hard Way continue: https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex43.html
* Do the caffeine example → Where different amounts of caffeine have different effects on the user. Make another drink that has caffeine. How different amounts of caffeine affect the consumer. (later…..)
* Watch Treehouse Introduction to Design Patterns workshop (Wed. 2/22 code talk topic)
* Code School’s Ruby Bits
* Ruby Koans
* Check out Ruby Warrior: https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior#/ It looks like fun!!
* Continue reading the Passionate Programmer
* Go submit another pull request, be practice is awesome! 
* Check this out: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history
* Check out Alfred.
* Take Harnessing the Power of Vim workshop on Treehouse.

Review / Reference:
-------------------
* Standard.seesparkbox.com 
* The Art of the Commit Message: Terminal shortcut → sbg
* Foundry articles
