February 26 - March 4, 2017
===========================

Monday:
-------
February 27
* Read The Passionate Programmer. Tip 31 Don’t Panic has so much wisdom! As someone who fights perfectionism, I fear the impending disaster. Which has truly never happened, but I’m still pretty fantastic at worrying over nothing. I can connect with the writer’s statement: “... as panicked or depressed or upset as I’ve gotten over these seemingly disastrous situations, not one has been a true disaster. What did the panicking give me? What was the advantage of reacting negatively to each of these situations? Nothing.” 
* Created a markdown file of my week 6 journal and added it to Github. 
* Cleaned up Github repo of journals by placing weekly journal entries into a directory.
* Finished the next section in Treehouse’s Ruby track on booleans. Followed along a  Treehouse tutorial and wrote a ToDoList program. The work completed today in Treehouse has definitely been a routine in building muscle memory and in following the path that the program is taking as it moves through classes and functions. I like having days where everything clicks. It helps balance out the days when nothing makes sense. 😆
* Placed 🌳🏠 Treehouse programs that I’ve worked on in Github for git practice.
* Took time to think through and decide my next steps for the caffeinated beverage program. Yock and Daniel have both given me feedback on how to proceed. I can design a program that treats caffeinated beverages like the new fangled automatic soda dispenser with a zillion soda and syrup selections, or I can design a program that runs like a coffee shop. The second idea would allow me to incorporate a queue data structure. Since only one person can use the automatic soda dispenser at a time, I don’t see where a data structure would be necessary. Of course, I could be wrong. 🤔 

Tuesday:
--------
February 28
* Reading The Passionate Programmer every morning for +/- 30 minutes.
* In Github, merged planning-stage branch to caffeinated-classes-objects master branch.
* Working in caffeinated beverages program. Following Yock’s suggestion, I added beverage and caffeine_per_oz as parameters to the caffeinated beverages class. This eliminates the need for the tea, coffee and soda classes. I moved the add_espresso function from the coffee class into the caffeinated_beverages class, as well as added two new functions: add_milk and add_flavor. My next step is to collect orders in the coffee shop class → done! I used hashes to collect caffeinated beverage orders. After talking with Yock about my project, he convinced me to think about using classes instead. I had debated whether to use arrays, hashes or classes. I’m great at trying to decipher which course of action will be the best before starting a project, but this morning I told myself not to dally around deciding. Pick something, jump in & do it! So I did. 😃 When I encountered a couple road blocks along the way, I referenced Learn Ruby the Hard Way, Treehouse programs and my Ruby notes as reference.  

Wednesday:
----------
March 1
* Read The Passionate Programmer.
* Code Talk on Design Patterns with Patrick & Daniel. 
* Assignment: talk to everyone in the office and ask what design patterns they are using and what are the benefits.
* Created slide presentation to prepare for first formal review.
* Found and fixed text file output issues with hello_friend.rb.
* Attended Dayton Web Developers meetup. The topic was Command and Conquer [RELOADED] - Make the command line do your bidding by Jonathan Oliver.

Thursday:
---------
March 2
* Reading.
* Worked on Treehouse Ruby Blocks course. Earned Ruby blocks stage 1 badge.
* Go to Learn Ruby the Hard Way and review terminology.
* Read Foundry posts to distract and calm myself before the review. 😨
* Completed my first formal review. 🎉

Friday:
-------
March 3
* I didn’t get to spend as much time coding yesterday as I would have liked to, so that’s the first task I jumped into. In my caffeinated beverage program, I added classes for milk, flavor and espresso to replace the functions originally created in the caffeinated_beverage class. This went amazingly smooth. I started with the milk class. Once I got it to work, it was easy to replicate the same concepts into creating the flavor and espresso classes. Rather than copy and paste the content from the milk class into the flavor class, then change the variable names, I chose to write the code from scratch each time as a way of building my muscle memory. 
During the process I realized that my caffeinate function was not accurately calculating the amount of caffeine in a drink accordingly. An 8 oz coffee and a 12 oz coffee were returning the same level of caffeination. This is obviously incorrect, therefore my next task is to fix this. → Inside coffee_shop.rb I was returning the milligrams of caffeine per ounces rather than accessing the caffeinate function and returning the calculated value of milligrams of caffeine * number of ounces.
* Chuck & Jake joined us for an awesome lunch. #foodiefriday
* Continued to work on the caffeinated beverage program focusing on adding an array to hold customer’s beverage orders.
* Collaborated with Betty. We created a repository that will allow us to collaborate on Ruby Katas.  https://github.com/bettybettybaker/kata-collab

Saturday:
---------
March 4
* GDI Code & Coffee - worked on Ruby Koans.

Looking forward
===============

Follow - up:
------------
* Add README to Heather & Betty’s Collab repo
* Fix array in coffee_shop.rb. 
* Talk to everyone in the office and ask what design patterns they are using and what are the benefits.
* Work on coffee_shop.rb ~ add snarky responses to customer orders according to how much caffeine is in their drink. Think about implementing option for hot and cold drinks.
* Go back to hello_friend.rb, hello_functions.rb & hello_test.rb and comment out the code explaining what we did. 
* Learn Ruby the Hard Way continue: https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex43.html
* Treehouse → Working to finish the Ruby track (minus the last course of Building Web Apps with Sinatra) early next week.
* Code School’s Ruby Bits
* Ruby Koans → to help understand: http://ploos.io/ruby-koans-companion-part-1-about_asserts-rb/
* Check out Ruby Warrior: https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior#/ It looks like fun!!
* Continue reading the Passionate Programmer
* Check this out: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history
* Check out Alfred.
* Take Harnessing the Power of Vim workshop on Treehouse.

Review / Reference:
-------------------
* Standard.seesparkbox.com 
* Foundry articles
* Queue data structures.  http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.0.0/libdoc/thread/rdoc/Queue.html 
Simple explanations of queue: https://blog.codebasehq.com/ruby-threads-queue/ & https://rubymonk.com/learning/books/4-ruby-primer-ascent/chapters/33-advanced-arrays/lessons/86-stacks-and-queues
