March 26 - April 1, 2017
========================

Sunday:
-------
March 26
* Worked on Roman Numerals kata in CodePen.

Monday:
-------
March 27
* Reviewed Codepen version of my Roman Numerals kata with Tarr in the morning and then again with Ryan in the afternoon. Both made great suggestions for me to implement.
* Created a markdown file of my week 10 journal and added it to Github.
* Completed about_methods Ruby Koan.
* Earned Treehouse’s JavaScript Making Decisions with Conditional Statements badge.
* Watched Treehouse’s ECMAScript 2015 Arrow Function Syntax workshop.

Tuesday:
--------
March 28
* Completed about_keyword_arguments, about_constants, & about_true_and_false  in Ruby Koans.
* Worked on Roman Numerals kata in CodePen. Added an error for when a user tries to enter a string, renamed functions and variables to offer a better reflection of what they are and do. Woo hoo!! CodePen is slow…… I like to make small, incremental changes then run the program to see what happens. CodePen is slow in saving each small change. Perhaps it’s CodePen Projects that is so slow. I’ll need to try a regular Pen and see how long it takes to process.
* Attended Modern JS Workshop part 1 preview.

Wednesday:
----------
March 29
* Reviewed the last month & prepared presentation for review \#2.
* Attended Lunch & Learn at Smart Data Systems on Introduction to React & Redux. My brain hurts now. 😶
* Worked through all my Ruby and JavaScript katas to verify everything runs as expected. Made corrections and added comments where necessary.
* Paired with Betty and shared how to run JavaScript in the browser with prompt();, alert(); & document.write();.
* Refined CodePen Roman Numerals input box and button.


Thursday:
---------
March 30
* Paired with Betty on her Roman Numerals kata.
* Started the Yahtzee kata in JavaScript: http://codingdojo.org/kata/Yahtzee/
* Treehouse JavaScript functions.
* Modern JS workshop Part II → excellent! I get it!! 😍 Now to remember all of it.
* Apprentice Review \#2 completed!
* Debriefed with Betty after our reviews. Both of us are still super excited for this opportunity and the next steps in our journey that lead us into HTML & CSS.
* Moved all Roman Numeral kata CodePen files into a GitHub repository. I’ve enjoyed discovering CodePen Projects, but found it to occasionally run slow. I would make a change, hit save and wait….. On a positive note, it was nice to be able to quickly access and edit my project from my laptop, iMac, phone or iPad.  
* Attended GDI Code & Coffee.

Friday:
-------
March 31
* Helped Yock with food prep.
* Treehouse → Finished JavaScript Basics track 🎉 and the Ruby Standard Library, part 1 course.
* Downloaded Apprentice Phase 2 reading materials from Dropbox.

Next, tackle the following on my wish to-do list: watch the following workshops: Debugging JavaScript in the Browser, Introducing ES2015, Introduction to Babel, Understanding “this” in JavaScript,  and the npm Basics course. And of course, finish the Ruby track (I’m really, really close to finishing it.).
