April 2 - 8, 2017
=================

Monday:
-------
April 3
* Created a markdown file of my week 11 journal and added it to Github.
* Read A Dao of Web Design on A List Apart.
* Coffee Hour with Ben & Rob.
* Reworked both versions of Roman Numerals Kata (console & browser).
* Code talk & review with Cat & Zastrow on HTML.
* Completed Levels 1 & 2 of Code School Front-end Foundations.

Tuesday:
--------
April 4
* Began reading Responsive Web Design by Ethan Marcotte.
“Nasty, evil pixels. We hates them.” hahaha!!!!
* The internets are running extremely slow this morning. It took a while for Code School to get rolling. (I later realized that my monitor was not hard wired into the interwebs. This has been resolved.)
* Modern JavaScript part III
* Completed levels 3, 4 & 5 of Code School Front-end Foundations.
* Cloned the Sparkbox Apprentices page so I can begin working on it.
* I broke the console version of roman numerals kata by trying to implement anonymous functions. Ooops! 😳

Wednesday:
----------
April 5
* Worked on the console version of Roman Numeral kata. I got the anonymous functions to work correctly. My next goal was to eliminate the roman numeral global variable by returning a hash (object) from each function that holds the number AND roman numeral. This is new for me in JavaScript. I spent the morning learning how to implement and access the values in a hash that is returned from a function. I could probably spend a major chunk of my day on this, but I must move onto HTML & CSS. 💃
* Continued reading Responsive Web Design by Ethan Marcotte.
* Lunch & Learn: Platform sh presented by Nathan followed by svg show & tell by Tarr, and then development server stuffs (which I completely don’t understand yet 😆) presented by Bryan.
* Completed all 5 levels of Code School Front-end Formations.
* Towards the end of the day I continued to work on the console version of the Roman Numerals kata. It works again! And the global roman numeral variable has been eliminated.
* In the evening, went to Dayton Web Developers meetup with Allen May presenting Managing Data, Information and Content.

Thursday:
---------
April 6
* Continued reading Responsive Web Design by Ethan Marcotte. (almost done!)
* CSS code talk with Zastrow & Cat.
* Attended AAF-Dayton luncheon meeting with Blaise D’sylva, VP of Media for Dr. Pepper Snapple Group presenting “What Do You Stand For”.
* Downloaded Google Chrome. Zastrow encouraged us to use different browsers.
* Watched Debugging Node Applications with Google Chrome workshop in Treehouse. I followed along but quickly felt lost. think that I need to take the npm Basics course and then go back and review this again.
* Finished the day exploring CodePen and continued reading of Responsive Web Design.

Friday:
-------
April 7
* Finished reading Responsive Web Design by Ethan Marcotte. An excellent read! I once visited the home of Aka Pereyma, a internationally renowned Ukrainian artist. Every nook and cranny of her home was filled with her work, some complete and much in process. I distinctly remember leaving her home deeply inspired and immediately wanting to go home, dig out all of my art supplies and begin to see what amazing things I could attempt to create. Finishing Responsive Web Design leaves me with that same feeling of excitement. I’m not sure I can explain why…. It just does. 😃
* Read CSS-Tricks Child and Sibling Selectors and :nth child articles. This n:th tester is sweet!!! https://css-tricks.com/examples/nth-child-tester/#
* Continued progress in the console version of the Roman Numeral kata. The main function has been converted into a class.
* Watched Treehouse Using npm as a Task Runner workshop.

Random thoughts:
----------------
Now that we are moving into HTML & CSS, I’m curious about the process behind the evolution of a project. The discovery phase, how the project starts, how do you decide who does what, UX & UI considerations, the various phases a project moves through, etc.

Short-term goals:
-----------------
* Update Sparkbox apprentices page with Apprentices 7.0.
* Do this: http://modern-javascript.buildright.io/#/6/14 (start with README)
* Watch the following workshops: Object Oriented JavaScript, Introducing ES2015, Introduction to Babel, Understanding “this” in JavaScript,  and the npm Basics course. And of course, finish the Ruby track (I’m really, really close to finishing it.).
* http://flexboxfroggy.com
* http://cssgridgarden.com
* http://www.flexboxdefense.com

A Dao of Web Design notes & quotes:
-----------------------------------
* We should embrace the fact that the web doesn’t have the same constraints, and design for this flexibility. But first, we must “accept the ebb and flow of things.”
* Make pages which are accessible, regardless of the browser, platform or screen that your reader chooses or must use to access your pages. This means pages which are legible regardless of screen resolution or size, or number of colors (and remember too that pages may be printed, or read aloud by reading software, or read using braille browsers). This means pages which adapt to the needs of a reader, whose eyesight is less than perfect, and who wishes to read pages with a very large font size.
* Firstly, think about what your pages do, not what they look like.
* Absolute units, like pixels and points are to be avoided (if that comes as a surprise, read on), and color needs to be used carefully, and never relied on.
* As with fonts, layout aspects of a page can be designed using percentages to create adaptable pages. Margins can be specified as a percentage of the width of the element which contains them.
* And avoid relying on color combinations to alone convey meaning.
* The journey begins by letting go of control, and becoming flexible.
