April 9 - 15, 2017
===================

Monday:
-------
April 9
* Created a markdown file of my week 12 journal and added it to Github.
* Met with Zastrow & Cat to review HTML event card assignment and establish our next steps.
* Played Flexbox Froggy   🐸🐸🐸
* Worked on Sparkbox Apprentices page and paired with Andrew regarding questions I had about viewing the page. We were having problems with the build so he recommended I pair with Cat or Nate for additional help.
* Began reading Mobile First.
* April birthday celebration!
* Attended the UX Dayton meetup. Darren Kall and Stacy He gave a read-out of what they learned at ConveyUX.

Tuesday:
--------
April 10
* Finished adding CSS to my event card.
* Played Flexbox Defense
* Read Mobile First
* Cleaned up Roman Numerals console version which was working (or so I thought it was) but now it’s not. 😭

Wednesday:
----------
April 11
* Paired with Nate to resolve an issue with the build process for the apprentice page. Submitted PR.
* Fixed Roman Numerals console version. It works again!! But it can be better so I’m not done. Although I believe I’m done with this for today. Time to move onto some HTML & CSS stuffs.
* Went to Dayton Clean Coders and learned about eslint, circleci and more!
* Played CSS Grid Garden
* Watched Treehouse CSS Box Model workshop video.
* Read Mobile First.
* Remotely paired with Ethan to review my CodePen event card.

Thursday:
---------
April 12
* Paired with Betty on our CodePen event cards.
CSS code talk and review with Zastrow and Cat.
* Read MindBEMing, Naming CSS Stuff is Really Hard & watched Midwest.io 2014 - SMACSS Your Sass Up with Mina Markham
* Began Code School CSS Cross Country course
* Read the BEM quickstart. The examples are awesome!

Friday:
-------
April 13
* Good Friday - Enjoyed the day with Chuck!

Short-term goals:
-----------------
* Refactor CodePen event card CSS using BEM.
* Check out bem.info - read Key Concepts and Naming convention.
* Go checkout: mina.so/sassy-starter and mina.so/smacss-menu
* Take the other Code School CSS courses.
* Continue to refine Roman Numerals browser version kata.
Make progress on the Yahtzee kata.
* Stalk people on CodePen.
* Do this: http://modern-javascript.buildright.io/#/6/14 (start with README)
* Watch the following workshops: Object Oriented JavaScript, Introducing ES2015, Introduction to Babel, Understanding “this” in JavaScript,  and the npm Basics course. And of course, finish the Ruby track (I’m really, really close to finishing it.).
