April 16 - 22, 2017
===================

Monday:
-------
April 16
* Created a markdown file of my week 13 journal and added it to Github.
* Read Mobile First
* Read through BEM.info key concepts and naming convention.
* Updated CodePen with BEM & added a media query for max-width of 400px. * * Paired with Andrew and Lindsay who questioned questions I had about CSS, media queries, etc.
* Paired with Betty to review our progress on CodePen event cards.
* Worked on eliminating the roman numerals global variable from the Roman Numerals browser version.

Tuesday:
--------
April 17
* Quick and dirty group pairing session with Betty, Lindsay and Nathan. Betty shared information she gleaned from an SVG pairing session with Taylor Hunt. Later in the day Nathan shared more on the use of BEM.
* Installed Chrome & Opera and began to use them as well as Safari and Foxfire.
* Read Mobile First. I’m on target to finish Mobile First by the end of the week. Woo hoo!! (Didn't happen. But I'm sooooo close!! One more chapter to go.)
* Finished another phase of refactoring the browser version of the Roman Numerals kata. All number to roman numeral conversion functions now return an object containing a roman numeral and a number. The number is not equal to the roman numeral, but rather to the user input minus the value of the roman numeral computed within that function.
* Fixed BEM. (again!) Hahaha!!! So I wrote it out yesterday, then Betty and I paired to review our event cards. We interpreted the implementation of BEM differently and came to the conclusion that we were both doing it wrong. After eavesdropping on a quick pairing session between Betty and Zastrow I realized that my class names were actually correct! Ack! Now I need to go back and fix them accordingly. 😂😂😂
* Applied BEM principles to the browser version of the Roman Numerals kata.
* Looked at available CodePen daily challenges.
  * http://dailycssimages.com
  * http://www.dailyui.co
* Attended an Upper Valley Career Center Interactive Media Advisory Board meeting.

Wednesday:
----------
April 18
* Read Mobile First
* Code Talk with Zastrow & Catherine. Reviewed event card and discussed our next steps.
* Attended Gem City JS. Yock presented dependency injection.
* Finished Code School CSS Cross Country levels 1 through 6
* Using feedback from our code review earlier in the day, I began another phase of refactoring my event card in CodePen.
* Attended GDI Code & Coffee

Thursday:
---------
April 19
* Continued refactoring of event card by updating the media queries from max-width to min-width. Started the next step in creating a grid system using multiple event cards.
* Started to contact people that I’ve made connections to in the design & development industry. Knowing that SAA, UD, Wright State and Sinclair are soon to have dozens of graduates flooding the job market, I want to get a jump on any potential job opportunities as soon as I can.
* Finished Code School Cross Country course
* Read Mobile First
* Followed up on reading some of the resources referenced in Code School’s Cross Country course. All of the resources have been added to my Follow Up / Reference / Review google doc.
* Began reading Taming Advanced CSS Selectors
* Created a second event card. Experimented with modifiers! So much fun!! 😎

Friday:
-------
April 19
* Finished reading the Taming Advanced CSS Selectors. There’s so much great information here! I appreciate that the examples are easy to understand.
* Made minor changes to my event cards.
* Worked on Yahtzee kata. I’ve created 6 functions based upon how many dice are rolled. The only difference between the functions is the number of dice. I need to look at the big picture and re-evaluate how this will work. One function call based upon a number may be better. The initial roll of dice will always be five. After that the user will decide how many dice to roll.
* My awesome friend Andi visited for lunch!
* Reviewed Code School JavaScript Road Trip slides.
* Continued working on the Yahtzee kata throughout the afternoon. I also added an index.html page and directories for the scripts and styles files.
