April 30 - May 5, 2017
======================

Sunday:
-------
April 30
* Worked on applying percentages to the widths of the event cards to create more flexibility.

Monday:
-------
May 1
* Created a markdown file of my week 15 journal and added it to Github.
* Began reading HTML5 for Web Designers. I love the subtle humor interjected throughout this book. It’s as though the author wants to make sure you’re paying attention.
  * “In past versions of HTML, web designers were advised not to use deprecated elements, or send them holiday cards, or even mention them in polite company.”
  * "Unless you’re building a browser, you can treat obsolete elements and attributes the same way you would treat deprecated elements and attributes: don’t use them in your web pages and don’t invite them to cocktail parties."
* Read CSS Floats 101
  * “First, a rule that I have found that works nicely for my layouts is float first. That is, in my HTML, I almost always place my floated elements first in the markup, and before any non-floated elements that my float will interact with.”
  * “Second, the reason that the image is seemingly sticking out of the bottom of our #container element has to do with something called collapsing. One of the most common ways to fix a collapsed parent element is to place an element with the clear property after our floated element.”
* Finished Code School Assembling Sass.
* Read 2015 Sparkbox CSS Compendium by Zastrow which then lead me to EIGHT more foundry articles! Hahaha!!! And of course I must read them all!! Why? Because the only way to know how Sparkbox does things, is to read about all the things. 🤗
* Continued Treehouse CSS Layout Basics course.
* Earned Page Layout with the Float Property badge.

Tuesday:
--------
May 2
* Continued reading HTML5 for Web Designers. Today’s holy-cow, LOL moment:
  * “Suppose there’s an evil bastard out there who hates the web and all who sail her. This person probably doesn’t care that it’s incredibly rude and stupid to embed an audio file that play automatically. If you ever use the autoplay attribute in this way, you will be hunted down by legions of users.”
* A notation on the book above: I love how the author breaks everything down. It’s very easy to comprehend. Now to remember everything……
* Finished Treehouse CSS Layouts Basics course. Earned CSS Layout Project badge. You can see the finished project here: http://codepen.io/heatherdesigns/pen/xdRqvz?editors=110 It feels like I spent a lot of time on this today, but I also feel like I have a much better grasp on relative, absolute and fixed positioning as well as floats and z-index.
* Read: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/sass_packing/
  * “Sass: Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets.” - Marshall
* Served as an evaluator at Sinclair’s design portfolio show.

Wednesday:
----------
May 3
* Development process review with Ryan
* Reached out to Ethan re: Sass pairing
* Apply BEM and Sass to CodePen Treehouse layout project
* Lunch n Learn checked out: GIT large file storage, testing, Composer for Drupal, and Ethan’s marvelous multi-headed beast app.
* Continued to read HTML5 for Web Designers and created a CodePen on the examples in the book covering form input types. Using CodePen, I could quickly see how the input types rendered in different browsers. For example, the datalist element doesn’t work in Safari, but it does in Chrome.
* Super awesome, easy to understand video on node-sass: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMSkKaGk1D8
* Began Code School Assembling Sass Part 2
Paired with Ethan to  review Codepen layout project, BEM, Sass, list element alignment.
* Went to the Dayton Web Developers meetup. The topic was ‘Becoming a New Web Developer’ presented by Josh Fischer. A perfect topic for this time of year. I sent out an invitation to one of my CIS Instructors at Sinclair so that she could share it with her students.

Thursday:
---------
May 4
* Finished reading HTML5 for Web Designers
* Started JavaScript Unit Testing course in Treehouse
* Earned the Introducing Unit Testing badge
* Apprentice Project Kick off

Friday:
-------
May 5
* Read: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/structuring_and_serving_styles_for_older_browsers/
  * The above post was written in 2013. Which makes me wonder what is the  percentage of browsers used today do not support media queries in 2017?
  * What caniuse says: http://caniuse.com/#search=%40media
* Started reading CSS3 for Web Designers and played in CodePen as I read through the book. This allows me to put what I’m reading into action.
* Downloaded Sass Web Designers from the Sparkbox Dropbox bookshelf. It isn’t part of our apprentice curriculum, but I think it would be great to read. I reached out to Zastrow and Catherine to see if they have read it and if it would be recommended.
* Checked out repo recommended by Patty Two Coats: https://github.com/beardedstudio/stubbleman/tree/master/source/assets/stylesheets
* Worked in my CodePen layout project to make changes as recommended by Ethan. I'm pretty happy with the progress I've made since Monday.
* Continued the JavaScript Unit Testing course in Treehouse - My brain is full! I definitely need to continue to review programming logic in general. Practice, practice, practice. I get it, but only with continuous focus and review. Eventually the logic will become second nature, right??? Sometimes my head feels like there’s a hamster in it running on it’s little wheel trying to dissect everything. I get that testing is about digesting bite sized pieces at a time. Sometimes it’s hard to recognize what those bite sized pieces should be. See what I’m working on here: https://github.com/heatherdesigns/treehouse-js/tree/master/JavaScript%20Unit%20Testing

Saturday:
---------
May 6
* GDI Introduction to Python - 2nd session

Note of feedback:
-----------------
I really appreciate everyone setting office hours for apprentices. When I need help with something, I always consult the calendar to see who has office hours available. I know everyone is super busy with multiple tasks and I want to be respectful of their time. I also know that I can ask anyone for help at anytime, but knowing that office hours have been set aside makes it so much easier! 😍

Rambling thoughts:
------------------
Looking ahead is scary. Am I ready for the next steps in the world of web development? Part of me wants to retreat into my safe place. The place where I’ve been successful and knowing what to do comes easy. But what fun is there in that? I’ve been there before. It’s safe for a while, but then it’s boring. I have to remind myself to trust, breath and keep doing. Retreating to what is easy is not an option. I know this. It’s exciting and scary all at once. I’m really looking forward to the first Maker Series workshop of 2017 featuring Denise Jacobs. I watched the video promo for the workshop and thought “Wow! Perfect timing!!” 😄
