May 7 - 13, 2017
================

Monday:
-------
May 7
* Created a markdown file of my week 16 journal and added it to Github. (Actually did this on Saturday.)
* Continue reading CSS3 for Web Designers. Work through samples shown in Chapter 2 in a CodePen converting CSS to Sass along the way.
* Read: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/why_you_need_to_refactor_your_css
* Finished Code School Assembling Sass Part 2
* Added color and fonts using the map-get functions to individual event cards
* Added mixin with variables to ‘floating circles’ CodePen pen
* Began Treehouse CSS to Sass course and earned the Installing Sass and Setting Up Project badge.

Tuesday:
--------
May 8
* Continue reading CSS3 for Web Designers.
* Read https://medium.com/@brianhan/watch-compile-your-sass-with-npm-9ba2b878415b and followed along in the terminal. This is awesome!!! I love step-by-step explanations! I just compiled my first css file using node-sass. 😄
* Set up my Treehouse CSS to Sass course project to watch and compile Sass using node.
* Read the latest foundry article: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/design_systems_are_great_but
* Continued Treehouse CSS to Sass course covering partials, selectors, variables, and mixins while also compiling the project from Sass to CSS along the way.
* I just want to say that it was a pretty excellent day. I feel pretty accomplished.

Wednesday:
----------
May 9
* Ryan gave us a lesson on Frontend Builds.
* Continued Treehouse CSS to Sass course. Finished implementing mixins and nesting media queries.
* Dayton Clean Coders: Gary Tempus presented Domain Driven Design
* Paired with Betty to start our project. Added issues and README file to appproject2017.
* Earned Treehouse’s Refactoring with Sass badge
* Reviewed project wireframes and project boards with Drew, Ryan, Andrew and Betty.
* Finished Treehouse CSS to Sass course
* Downloaded zenhub for Chrome
* Read: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/aria_hidden_for_an_accessible_web

Thursday:
---------
May 10
* 1st Apprenticeship project stand-up!
* Met with Betty. We tackled setting up our package.json file and our ‘hello world!’ start task.
* Betty & I paired with Catherine to review the progress we made on our project.
* Looked at seesparkbox.com repo and look for things to look up and read about. What is NODE_ENV? What is ‘shelljs’, ‘path’, ‘globby’, ‘inform’, etc? What do they do? What do we really need for our project?  npm install all the things!!!! (only if we need them. ha!)
* Looked up Handlebars. I’ve heard of it, now what is it? http://handlebarsjs.com/
* Found and scanned through documentation for Browsersync: https://www.browsersync.io/
* Paired with Daniel and Lindsay for a lesson on using NODE_ENV

Friday:
--------
May 11
* Stand-up no. 2
* Paired with Betty and successfully set up a task that compiles Sass to CSS within our project. We have decided to divide conquer for a bit. I am going to work on the next step of Sass to CSS compiling which takes the NODE_ENV into consideration. Betty will begin on the next project card that requires us to build html files from templates and data.
* Using a practice project, I took the next step in compiling Sass to CSS. I created a second start script in the package.json file for a production environment which sets NODE_ENV to production, then runs the build. Now I need to implement the strategy into our project.
Reviewed a reference document I created months ago when learning git.

Saturday:
---------
May 12
* GDI JavaScript class
