May 14 - 20, 2017
=================

Monday:
-------
May 15
* Attended Coffee Hour with Ben & Rob
* Created a markdown file of my week 17 journal and added it to Github.
* For the apprenticeship project I worked on setting up Sass source maps and a postcss script that creates CSS vendor prefixes.
* Began researching Browsersync and testing how it works in a side project.
* Reached out to Nathan to see if he would be willing to review my last pull request.
* Celebrated May birthdays!!
* Read the latest foundry post: https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/the_magic_behind_npm_scripts

Tuesday:
--------
May 16
* Stand up, then merged Betty’s latest pull request.
* Worked on implementing Browsersync in my side project.
* Worked through recommendations Nathan offered in a review of sass and postcss scripts.
* Feeling a bit stressed today. I’m not where I was hoping to be. I would to go home and continue working, but I have plans for the evening. Even if I didn’t have plans, I know that starting a habit of going home and continuing to work at the end of a full day isn’t wise. Although there are times when that is necessary, it isn’t one of the those times and I don’t want it to become a habit. There is always tomorrow.
* Attended the AAF-Dayton Mercury Awards.

Wednesday:
----------
May 17
* Project decomp
* Experimented with using npm onchange versus npm nodemon for watching .scss files.
* Attended Gem City JS
* Danced in circles upon learning about npm-run-all. Thanks Ryan!
* Completed two projects cards: watching .scss for changes then triggering updates to the .css files and setting up the development server.
* I’m so happy with where I am at the end of today. I’ve completed two cards and Patrick F will be reviewing my work tomorrow. I shall relax tonight.

Thursday:
---------
May 18
* Paired with Betty to update our project file’s master branch - tried to resolve conflicts.
* Received feedback from Patrick F. No changes for me to make. He made a notation regarding a task Betty is working on. I shared his feedback with her.
* Paired with Catherine and Nathan to resolve git conflict issues. They are amazing!! (Catherine and Nathan are amazing. Conflicts are not!)
* Started to work on another card - researched Heroku.

Friday:
-------
May 19
* Set up free Heroku account and began the getting started tutorial.
* Finished Heroku getting started tutorial and began to set up Heroku on my practice project.
  * https://aqueous-savannah-75740.herokuapp.com/
* Paired with Betty to review our progress.

Saturday:
---------
May 20
* GDI JavaScript class - part 2
* Continued to explore using Heroku by watching videos, reading blogs and stackoverflow posts.
