May 21 - 27, 2017
=================

Monday:
-------
May 21
* Created a markdown file of my week 18 journal and added it to Github.
* Continued working on setting up Heroku on my practice project. I now have both the development AND the production servers running!
* In Heroku, set up reviews apps. So cool!!
  * Before pull request, on master branch: https://aqueous-savannah-75740.herokuapp.com/
  * After pull request (in review): https://aqueous-savannah-75740-pr-3.herokuapp.com/
* I’m ready to start setting up Heroku for our project. Admittedly I am nervous about the rebasing that will need to be done on the package.json file as both Betty and I have been doing a substantial amount of work in the same file. But alias, it's something I need to learn.

Tuesday:
--------
May 22
* Travel to Pittsburgh and see the city!

Wednesday:
----------
May 23
* Work from Pittsburgh office.
* Pulled, reviewed, tested and merged Betty’s work on building and watching HTML files.
* Began rebase of a branch on my local machine, without success.

Thursday:
---------
May 24
* Sprint planning  meeting.
* Continued work on rebasing a branch on my local machine. I accidentally merged a branch that contained my work in progress into my local master branch. Stackoverflow was my friend. I found exactly what I needed to reset master to match the remote branch, then perform the rebase. It was a beautiful thing.
* Continued to work on the production server and set up ‘NODE_ENV=production npm run start’ to spin up a production server.
* Set up the apprenticeship project in Heroku. Discovered that I needed to move two scripts from devDependencies to dependencies for Heroku to run the app.
* Apprenticeship review no. 4!


Friday:
-------
May 25
* Apprentice project decomp. In Github, Betty and I added issues to address all the tasks uncovered through the project decomp.
* Added marshmallows dependency to our project. Updated server.js file.
Chuck visited for lunch.
* Continued to work in Heroku to finish setting up the production server.
* Planned to pair with Nate to review my work in Heroku and to answer a couple questions.
