May 28 - June 3, 2017
=====================

Monday:
-------
May 29 | Memorial Day

Tuesday:
--------
May 30
* Created a markdown file of my week 19 journal and added it to Github.
* Planned our apprenticeship project sprint for this week with Drew & Betty.
* Paired with Nate to review my work on Heroku.
* Finished setting up basic auth and noindex header on Sparkeats.
* Paired with Betty to review our work.

Wednesday:
----------
May 31
* While Betty worked on rebasing her eslint branch to prepare it for review, I decided to set eslint up in my practice project to see how it is suppose to work. This should make my review of her eslint branch go faster. -- Blocked! I needed to install Yarn then install Sparkbox’s eslint config. Yarn was down. Download failed due to origin connection time-out. I waited until Yarn was live before trying again.
* Meanwhile, I reviewed https://github.com/sparkbox/seesparkbox.com/tree/master/static/src/templates/partials to grasp an understanding of how handlebars works.
* Created a branch to practice how to make partials and add them to pages.
* Yay! Yarn came back! I switched back to working with eslint to help review Betty’s PR.
* I pulled the eslint branch, but had errors. I wasn’t sure if it was due to a set up on my local machine or something else. I left a review of what I found and looked forward to pairing with Betty and Patrick F. Docs I used for reference:
  * http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring
  * https://github.com/sparkbox/eslint-config-sparkbox
* Switched back to working on a place listing partial I created earlier in the day.
* Looked at front-matter. Betty mentioned changing/updating a JS file to be able to use front-matter. I didn’t want to overwrite what she was working on so I waited until we could collaborate before moving forward in this area.
  * https://www.npmjs.com/package/front-matter
  * GDI Code & Coffee
  * Read up on squashing commits with interactive rebase
http://gitready.com/advanced/2009/02/10/squashing-commits-with-rebase.html

Thursday:
---------
June 1
* Made PR on practice-paritals (Yes, I misspelled the branch name. Oops!). Included notes re: how to test.
* Paired with Patrick F re: eslint
* While Betty worked on frontmatter, I switched to setting up eslint.
eslinnnttt is ready for review. Patrick F has reviewed. Ryan and Betty assigned to review.
* Reviewed and merged address-partial branch

Friday:
-------
June 2
* Clean up commits on eslinnnttt branch. It’s outta control!!!
* Burned eslinnnttt and created eslint-fix. It’s ready for review.
* After the hot messy rebasing of eslinnnttt, I copied my terminal output for review to see the error of my ways. I showed Cat the output and she was able to quickly identify my issue. Crossing my fingers for a smoother rebase the next time. Note to self: until I’m confident in rebasing correctly, always save a copy of my WIP branch.
* My friend Susan visited for lunch.
* Helped clean up after lunch.
* Began work on styles for place card.
* Ended the day on a good note. The production server has been updated to route to the new index.html page located in the public directory.
* Reviewed Zastrow’s GDI slides for tomorrow’s Intermediate HTML & CSS class.

Saturday:
---------
June 3
* GDI Intermediate HTML + CSS
