June 11 - 17, 2017
==================

Monday:
-------
June 12
* Stand up with Betty & Drew
* Coffee Hour with Ben & Rob
* Added week 21 to Github Journal
* Fixed image links not showing in Heroku. I had removed a scss partial that was created for normalize.css. Since we haven’t implemented normalize, I removed the partial. But….. I forgot to remove the @import “normalize” statement from the base scss partial. Once I removed the @import, everything works as expected in Heroku. 😀
* Wrote update for Ryan in apprentice channel:
  * Here’s a quick review of this morning’s standup:
    * I paired with Catherine on Friday morning to learn how to add fonts to our project. The primary font is Avenir Next, which is a Sparkbox font. We used the @font-face rule to download Avenir Next. We used typography.com for the secondary font, Whitney. I created a card on our board to remind us to go to typography.com and update our project’s status from development to production prior to launch.
    * Friday afternoon Betty & I paired with Tarr to look at how seesparkbox.com uses data.
    * We have a grid for our project. I am in the process of refactoring it this afternoon.
    * In setting up the project grid, I did not worry about the header images in the place cards. I focused on creating the grid. The header image was simply a background url set to the Sparkeats pattern. Once I had a grid in place, I created a new branch to work on adding images pulled from data for each place card.
    * We are also working on testing our project across various browsers and devices to see how it looks at this point.
* UXDayton meetup. Carrie Nickels presented ‘Learn how to use Canva’. Fun and easily addictive.

Tuesday:
--------
June 13
* Continued to work on the grid.
https://css-tricks.com/dont-overthink-flexbox-grids/
* Sent grid to Betty & Anastasia for review.
* Began to style the footer.
* Sent Austin my idea for a potential foundry article: Making the move * Transitioning from print designer to full stack web developer.


Wednesday:
----------
June 14
* Continued work on Sparkeats footer. Created PR for review.
* Began work on the Sparkeats footer pins.  
* GDI Code & Coffee & Raffle

Thursday:
---------
June 15
* Refactored grid using feedback from Anastasia. Sent to Betty for review and merging.
* Rebased footer branch. Added media queries. Sent to Betty for review and merging.
* Rebased footer pin branch. Continued work on footer pins.
* Take: https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/takeatest.html

Friday:
-------
June 16
* Finished footer pin branch. Sent to Betty for review and merging.
* After the grid, footer and footer pins have were added: test, test, test.
* Tested eats.sparkboxqa.com on several devices.
* Begin making handlebar and sass files for review page.
