June 18 - 24, 2017
==================

Monday:
-------
June 19
* Added week 22 journal entry to Github
* Added issue cards to the apprenticeship project board with bugs discovered during testing. Tagged Drew so that he could prioritize.
* Continued work on the Sparkeats review page place header.
* Finished review page place header. Submitted a PR and assigned Betty to review.

Tuesday:
--------
June 20
* Betty reviewed and merged the header for place on review page.
* Updated the production server. Submitted PR for review.
* Updated Avenir Next in the fonts.scss partial. Submitted PR for review.
* Reviewed Betty’s progress on creating a set of instructions in the README file for Sparkboxer’s to be able to add places to Sparkeats.
* Researched flexbox & Android 4.* issues

Wednesday:
----------
June 21
* Continued to work on resolving issues with the place card grid rendering as a single horizontal line of cards rather than a grid in Safari 7.0 and on Android 4.* devices.
* Ate Yummy Burger for lunch!
* Celebrated June Birthdays :cake:

Thursday:
---------
June 22
* Paired with Zastrow to create a fallback grid using floats for Safari 7.0 and Android 4.* devices.
* Reviewed instructions for README file and provided feedback.
* Began work to on refactoring Sparkeats header to display correctly in Safari 7.0 and Android 4.* devices.

Friday:
-------
June 23
* Finished refactoring of Sparkeats header. It now displays correctly in Safari 7.0 and Android 4.* devices. 🎉
* Refactored svg stars that are used in the review rating on the place card. The stars were distorted on Android 4.* devices. Now they are beautiful! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
* Began to work on refactoring the header background pattern in the place cards.
